In 1902, during the late Qing Dynasty, the Liangjiang Governor-General Chang Chih-tung established Liangjiang Normal School in the Chinese city of Nanjing. This was the birth of modern-style education in China and also the founding of NCU. NCU was re-established in Taiwan in 1962 as part of the country's response to the International Geophysical Year. The school was initially located in Miaoli, but was relocated to Jhongli in 1968, and gradually developed into a comprehensive university. NCU has now become Taiwan's leading school in the fields of geophysics and space science, and was selected as one of the major research-oriented universities in 2001. It is a first-rate university with solid international qualifications.NCU now has seven colleges in different areas, including College of Liberal Arts, College of Science, College of Engineering, College of Management, College of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, College of Earth Sciences, and College of Hakka Studies. Its facilities and faculty are tremendously improved, and it has gained an international reputation for research and academic excellence. Cooperative education programs and cooperative research projects have grown in number over the years.In the future, NCU will continue to apply the down-to-earth attitude and vigorous spirit to leading-edge research and innovative learning, pursuing our excellence as a first-rate university in Taiwan. In the context of globalization, NCU has been striving to increase its competitiveness in both research and teaching to prepare itself to join the ranks of the best universities in the world. Realizing the importance of joint ventures and collaborative efforts, NCU has, since 2000, joined forces with three outstanding universities in its geographic vicinity - National Chiao Tung University, National Tsing Hua University, and National Yang-Ming University. This is a new form of "complementary merger" that would combine the research strengths of all four universities while maintaining each university's name, internal structure, and administrative autonomy so as to continue developing the specificities of each university. The joint venture was formally established as the "University System of Taiwan (UST)" in 2000. Dr. Chao-Han Liu, NCU's former President, served as the first Chancellor for the University System of Taiwan. The Chancellor of UST now is Dr. J.-L. Tzeng at Yang-Ming University.The close proximity of these four universities affords numerous opportunities for scholarly interaction and collaboration. Joint Centers for research in the fields of nanotechnology and neuro-science have already been set up, and new cross-campus programs have been created to further future academic collaboration. Within the university system, students are free to take courses from any campus and credits are recognized all around. Students can choose double majors/minors across all four universities or transfer from one department/graduate program to another across different campuses. The university system will share resources and hold joint contests, activities and events. Communication and cooperation are strongly encouraged among the different administrative bodies and research institutes. To facilitate transportation across the four campuses, inter-campus shuttle buses are now in service. (Interlibrary loans have already been widely practiced across campuses). It is expected that the University System of Taiwan will become a formidable force in the academic circle in the near future.